Update migration guide and quickstarts (#16686)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: documentation/MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

```go
credential, err := azidentity.NewClientSecretCredential("<TenantId>", "<ClientId>", "<ClientSecret>", nil)
client := armresources.NewResourceGroupsClient("<SubscriptionId>", credential, nil)
```

For detailed information on the benefits of using the new authentication types, please refer to [this page](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/main/sdk/azidentity/README.md)

### Error Handling

There are some minor changes in the error handling.

> - When there is an error in the SDK request, in the old version (`services/**/mgmt/**`), the return value will all be non-nil, and you can get the raw HTTP response from the response value. In the new version (`sdk/resourcemanager/**/arm**`), the first return value will be empty and you need to convert the error to the `azcore.HTTPResponse` interface to get the raw HTTP response. When the request is successful and there is no error returned, you can get the raw HTTP response in `RawResponse` property of the first return value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When there is an error in the SDK request, in the previous version (`services/**/mgmt/**`), the return value will all be non-nil, and you can get the raw HTTP response from the response value. In the latest version (`sdk/resourcemanager/**/arm**`), the first return value will be empty and you need to convert the error to the `azcore.HTTPResponse` interface to get the raw HTTP response. When the request is successful and there is no error returned, you can get the raw HTTP response in `RawResponse` property of the first return value.
```
Nit to avoid using old
